Fellowship (#289)
nhs-r-community/nhs-r-community: fellowship.qmd

---
title: "fellowship"
format: html
editor: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

> Our Community is largely volunteer-led. We depend on our members to get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our community is largely volunteer-led. We depend on our members to get
```

Suggest lowercase `c` unless using NHS-R Community

involved in the running and decision making of NHS-R, so that it remains
a useful set of ever-growing resources to support and encourage our
membership.

In recognition of the significant contributions from members, the NHS-R
Community awards the honorary title of Fellow for a set period of 3
years.

Fellowships are a great way to advertise your contributions, show your
skill set and dedication to open source coding in healthcare, and
embellish your CV with evidence of your community spirit.

> For details on how to nominate yourself or some-one else for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to nominate yourself or someone else for a
```

Author: Had hyphenated as it tripped up the spellchecker action for some reason

involved in the running and decision making of NHS-R, so that it remains
a useful set of ever-growing resources to support and encourage our
membership.

In recognition of the significant contributions from members, the NHS-R
Community awards the honorary title of Fellow for a set period of 3
years.

Fellowships are a great way to advertise your contributions, show your
skill set and dedication to open source coding in healthcare, and
embellish your CV with evidence of your community spirit.

For details on how to nominate yourself or someone else for a
Fellowship, please visit the [NHSR-Way
book](https://nhsrway.nhsrcommunity.com/nhsr-fellows.html)

```{r message=FALSE, warning=FALSE, echo=FALSE}
library(gt)
library(dplyr)
library(readxl)

sharepoint_site <- Sys.getenv("NHSR_SITE")
template_path <- Sys.getenv("NHSR_PATH")

site <- Microsoft365R::get_sharepoint_site(sharepoint_site)
drv <- site$get_drive()
tmp_file <- tempfile(fileext = ".xlsx")
drv$download_file(template_path, dest = tmp_file)
xlsx <- readxl::read_xlsx(tmp_file, skip = 2) 
unlink(tmp_file)

xlsx |>
  mutate("Title Valid From" = as.Date(`Title Valid From`, format = "%Y-%m-%d")) |>

>   mutate(Name = `Applicant Name`,

Reviewer: See also my comment below for another suggestion ⬇️

         show = `Data Accurate and Permission to Publish Received?`) |>
  select(Name,  
         Organisation = `Applicant's Place of Employment and Role`, 
         Awarded = `Title Valid From`,

>          show) |>

Author: Have changed for clarity
